hey busy I don't want to take up ten of
your time but I'm gonna kill myself
I just thought that an adult should know
wow I wish I knew what to say you know
actually I was writing my own suicide
not just now as some of you know I have
32 fleeting minutes of happiness during
lunch which has been eaten up again and
again by the same especially badly
dressed student and I finally thought I
would rather have the dark nothingness
you have a nice life without me
there are two types of people in the
world the people who radiate confidence
and naturally excel at life golden boys
and the people who love all those people
die in a big explosive look at that
stupid shirt my brother's wearing it's
Queens I have a body complex worse than
a girls when I was 13 it was clear which
side of the equation I was on oh my god
I knew it
it's really just the hair you can blow
it out nope but that's what best friends
are for oh my god Nick is like right
there God Judy made him so hot and I had
Krista
oh just what the seriously my
brother
think about how shitty this is for me I
can't help how I feel
what if I like your dad what if I gave
your dad a Oh Lois why you look
so hot with that belt phone you Oh No Oh
Chris you're home early
I'm not even gonna respond to that you
turn into a completely different person
you actually love being part of that
exclusive little group I'm having a
problem today maybe several I don't
really have any friends at the moment
why don't you try being positive mom you
always say the same thing you know write
down the next thing you're gonna say to
me I'm not playing your little games
maybe congratulations you have all the
answers don't you know which is why I
wish I had a mother who would notice
when those young so much younger than
today brother invited me to a party on
Friday and I want you to come with us
please
help what I do to make such a perfect
kid huh
and now these days are gone I'm not so
self the show tell me our word socialize
I need somebody you're Darian Franklin's
sister yeah what's that movie that's got
Arnold Schwarzenegger and that short
bald guy they play twin brothers only
Arnold's all tall and buff right mother
guys like little and funny-looking yes
oh god our twins yes three moving you
and your brother kind of remind me that
life isn't fair sometimes Nadine okay
you got to get over it
my life isn't perfect either the one
person who makes me happy I can't have
without completely destroying
life's about taking risks don't be
afraid to put yourself out there Nick I
like you and I just want to be with you
I want you to put your mouth in my tits
we can do it in the petland stockroom
Nadine I can't send this huh no no no no
no no no no my god no listen so bad I
just want to be with you want you to put
your mouth on my tits I want to feel you
inside God you can do it in the pet
man's doc room oh my god say something
please help me you need to watch out for
run-on sentences
you